There are three Cloud computing deployment models.
They are public, private, and hybrid.
A Public Cloud makes resources available over the internet.
Resources could include servers,
databases, application development services, etc.
Amazon Web Services or AWS is currently the largest Public Cloud provider.
A Private Cloud called On-premises,
is a proprietary network or an internal data center
that supplies services to a limited number of people,
and internal to a specific company.
A hybrid model contains a combination of both a public and private Cloud.
For example, PII or Personally Identifiable Information
about customers may be stored in an On-premise database for security reasons,
while a web application to manage that data may be served
publicly with orchestration and communication between the two.